Feb. 28: 9 PM
Met for first time as a group. We discussed our vision for the project, 
and discussed which C++ features we wanted to implement. All members came.
Decided on the file input for levels. Three types of enemies, multple turrets, 
including damage and slow. Nothing was assigned.

March 19: 8 PM
Discussed what we wanted to do for lab 8. We decided to use SDL for graphics, 
and we all looked at lazy foo tutorials. mbau was assigned to make background 
images and some prototype enemy and turret images. ccroson was assigned to work
on text file input for levels. slu was assigned to work on animation for the enemy 
movement and turrets.

April 4: 8 PM
Talked about what we were doing for lab9. We decided on what we wanted the menu
to look like. We decided to use a sidebar (which we later scraped). ccroson was 
assigned to work on the tower placement, slu was assigned to work on enemy movement, 
mbau was assigned to implement menu system.

April 18: 8 PM
Talked about what we did for lab 10. slu was assigned targeting system. mbau was 
assigned to implement the vectors for enemies and turret organization, ccroson 
was assigned to make a function to render objects from the vectors. 

April 20 3 PM
Met to combine code between ccroson, mbau, and slu. Up until now we were not using 
github effectively, and we were essentially working on several different versions 
of the same project. The combination was a group effort. mbau was assigned to complete 
sprites for all enemies, turrets, background, and menu icons.

April 28 8 PM
Met to rediscuss the menu issues. Pie menus were decided on. ccroson would implement 
mbau's menu icons into the pie menus. Solved some github issues. slu was assigned to 
implement the slow turrets.

April 30 6 PM
Met to finish up project. slu made new targeting system. mbau worked on balancing the
game for final play. ccroson worked on debugging some seg faults.

May 1 8 PM
Worked for finish up paper work, finalize project.

All members attended all meetings.   
